Clarify purpose of mining address (#39)
radicle-dev/registry.radicle.xyz: docs/node.md

## Mining Blocks

You can support the network by mining blocks. Miners receive rewards from
successfully mined blocks. You can run a mining node with the following command.

```bash
radicle-registry-node --mine <address>
```

`address` is the public SS58 address of the account that should receive the

> mining rewards. You can use the `radic-registry-cli key-pair generate` to

Reviewer: Either

```suggestion
mining rewards. You can run `radic-registry-cli key-pair generate` to
```

or 

```suggestion
mining rewards. You can run the `radic-registry-cli key-pair generate` command to
```

generate a key pair for a new account and print the account’s address.

> (See also [“Submit

Reviewer: nit: Keep the link text the same as the section it points to:

```suggestion
(See also [“Submitting a transaction”](/docs/getting-started#submitting-a-transaction))
```
